One side of the armed conflicts is made up mainly of the Sudanese military and the Janjaweed, a Sudanese militia group. They are mostly from the Afro-Arab Abbala tribes of the northern Rizeigat region in Sudan.
Jeddah is the main gateway to Mecca, Islam's holiest city. Those who can walk are required to visit it at least once in their lifetime.
The Great Dark Spot is thought to be a hole in the methane cloud deck of Neptune's moon.
His next work, Saturday, is after a very busy day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon.
The tarantula, the '' trickster '' character, spun a black cord and, attaching it to the ball, crawled away fast to the east, pulling on the cord with all his strength.
There he died six weeks later, on January 13, 888.
They are similar in culture to the coastal peoples of Papua New Guinea.
Since 2000, the person who gets the Kate Greenaway Medal has also been given the Colin Mears Award to the value of £ 5000.
After the drummers are dancers, who often play the sogo ( a tiny drum that makes almost no sound ) and tend to have more complicated, sometimes even acrobatic, choreography.
The spacecraft is made up of two main parts : the NASA Cassini orbiter, named after the French astronomer Giovanni Domenico Cassini, and the ESA Huygens probe, named after the Dutch astronomer, mathematician and physicist Christiaan Huygens.
Alessandro Mazzola ( born 8 November, 1942 ) is a former Italian football player.
At first, it was thought that the debris thrown up by the collision filled in the smaller ones.
Graham went to Wheaton College from 1939 to 1943. He got a BA in anthropology in 1943.
However, the BZ is a bit different from the Freedom Party. They are in favor of a referendum about the Lisbon Treaty but against an EU withdrawal.
Many species had died out by the end of the 19th century, with European settlement.
In 1987, Wexler was added to the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.
In its pure form, dextromethorphan is made as a white powder.
Admission to Tsinghua University is very competitive.
Today NRC is run as an independent, private foundation.
It is located at the coast of the Baltic Sea. It is next to the city of Stralsund.
He was also named 1982 '' Sportsman of the Year '' by Sports Illustrated.
Fives is a British sport. It is believed to have the same origins as many racquet sports.
For example, King Bhumibol was born on Monday, so on his birthday all over Thailand will have a yellow color on it.
Both names stopped being used in 2007 when they were joined into The National Museum of Scotland.
However, Tagore used many different styles, including craftwork from northern New Ireland, Haida carvings from the west coast of Canada ( British Columbia ), and woodcuts by Max Pechstein.
On October 14, 1960, John F. Kennedy came up with the idea of what would become the Peace Corps on the steps of Michigan Union.
She sang for President Reagan in 1988's Great Performances at the White House series. The series was shown on the Public Broadcasting Service.
Perry Saturn ( with Terri ) won against Eddie Guerrero ( with Chyna ) to win the WWF European Championship ( 8 : 10 ) Saturn pinned Guerrero after a Diving elbow drop.
She stayed in the United States until 1927 when she and her husband went back to France.
Despina was found in late July, 1989 from the images taken by the Voyager 2 probe.
The first Italian Grand Prix motor racing season took place on September 4, 1921 at Brescia.
He also wrote two books of short stories, called The Ribbajack & Other Curious Yarns and Seven Strange and Ghostly Tales.
At the Voyager 2 images Ophelia looks like a stretched object, the major axis pointing towards Uranus.
The British decided to kill him and take the land by force.
Some towns on the Eyre Highway in the south-east corner of Western Australia, between the South Australian border almost as far as Caiguna, don't follow the time of day in Western Australia.
In architectural decoration Small pieces of colored shell have been used to make mosaics and inlays. These have been used to decorate walls, furniture and boxes in buildings.
Other cities that are part of the Palos Verdes Peninsula are Rancho Palos Verdes, Rolling Hills Estates and Rolling Hills.
Fearing that Drek will destroy the galaxy, Clank asks Ratchet to help him find the famous superhero, Captain Qwark, so that he can stop Drek.
It is not really a true louse.
He wants to use a user-centered design process in product development cycles. He also wants to make interaction design more popular as a discipline.
It is possible that the other editors who may have reported you, and the administrator who blocked you, are part of a plan to get someone half a world away, but they've never met you in person.
Working Group I : Looks at scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change.
The island chain is part of the Hebrides. It is separated from the Scottish mainland and from the Inner Hebrides by the stormy waters of the Minch, the Little Minch and the Sea of the Hebrides.
Orton and his wife gave birth to Alanna Marie on July 12, 2008.
Minor planet designations are number-name combinations that are done by the Minor Planet Center, a part of the IAU.
By early on September 30, wind shear began to increase very much and a weakening trend began.
Each entry has a datum ( a piece of data ). This is a copy of the datum in a backing store.
As a result, although many mosques will not enforce these rules, both men and women when going to a mosque must follow these rules.
Mariel of Redwall is a fantasy book that was written by Brian Jacques in 1991.
Ryan Prosser ( born July 10, 1988 ) is a rugby union player for Bristol Rugby. He plays in the Guinness Premiership.
Like previous assessment reports, it has four reports. Three of them come from its working groups.
Their granddaughter Hélène Langevin-Joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the University of Paris. Their son Pierre Joliot, who was named after Pierre Curie, is also a well known biochemist.
This stamp remained the standard letter stamp for the rest of Victoria's reign. A lot of copies were printed.
The International Fight League ( IFL ) is a mixed martial arts ( MMA ) promotion. It is the world's first MMA league.
Giardia lamblia ( also known as Lamblia intestinalis and Giardia duodenalis ) is a flagellated protozoan parasite. It lives in the small intestine and causes giardiasis.
Aside from this, Cameron has often worked in Christian movies, among them the post-Rapture movies Left Behind : The Movie, Left Behind II : Tribulation Force, and Left Behind : World at War. In this movie, he plays Cameron '' Buck '' Williams.
This was the area east of the mouth of the Vistula River. It was later called '' Prussia proper ''.
After he finished school he went back to Yerevan to teach at the local Conservatory. Later he became artistic director of the Armenian Philarmonic Orchestra.
The story of Christmas is based on what the Bible says in the Gospel of Matthew, namely - and the Gospel of Luke, specifically -.
Weelkes was later to find himself in trouble with the Chichester Cathedral authorities because of his heavy drinking and bad behaviour.
So far the'celebrity'episodes have included Vic Reeves, Nancy Sorrell, Gaby Roslin, Scott Mills, Mark Chapman, Simon Gregson, Sue Cleaver, Carol Thatcher, Paul O 'Grady, and Lee Ryan.
It was found by Stephen P. Synnott in images from the Voyager 1 space probe. It was found on March 5, 1979 while orbiting around Jupiter.
Gomaespuma was a Spanish radio show. It was hosted by Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser.
On June 16, 2009, the official release date of The Resistance was announced on the band's official website.
He is also a member of another boy band called 183 Club.
The Apostolic Tradition, said to be by the theologian Hippolytus, says the singing of Hallel psalms with Alleluia as the refrain in early Christian agape feasts.
In return, Rollo swore to Charles, converted to Christianity, and said he would defend the northern part of France against the attacks of other Viking groups.
It comes from the Voice of America ( VoA ) Special English.
Disney got a full-size Oscar statuette and seven small ones. These were given to him by 10 year old child actress Shirley Temple.
It was the first asteroid to be found by a spacecraft.
Hinterrhein is a district of the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.
It is known as the Bohemian Switzerland in the Czech Republic.
This leads to confusion when 220 ( 1,048,576 ) bytes is said to be 1 MB ( megabyte ) instead of 1 MiB.
The incident has been the subject of many reports as to the ethics of scholarship.
They are castrated so that the animal may be more happy or may put on weight more quickly.
Seventh sons have strong'knacks'( special magical abilities ), and seventh sons of seventh sons are both very rare and powerful.
Benchmarking done by PassMark Software shows the 2009 version's 52 second install time, 32 second scan time, and 7 MB of memory use up.
Volterra is a town in the region of Tuscany in Italy.
Historically, the sensations of itch and pain have not been thought to be independent of each other until recently. In this case, it was found that itch has several features in common with pain, but shows notable differences.
The tongue is sticky because of the presence of mucous. This mucous lubricates movement in and out of the snout. It also helps to catch ants and termites, which stick to it.
The same tram had broken down on 30 May 2006 at Starr Gate loop during previous trials.
There are statues of Sir Alf Ramsey and Sir Bobby Robson, both former Ipswich Town and England managers, outside the ground.
Take the square root of the change.
Volunteers gave food, blankets, water, children's toys, massages, and a live rock band show for the people at the stadium.
Vouvray-sur-Huisne is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in west France.
If there are no strong land use controls, buildings are built along a bypass. This turns it into an ordinary town road, and the bypass may end up being as full as the local streets it was meant to avoid.
It is also a good place to start for people wanting to go to Cooktown, Cape York Peninsula, and the Atherton Tableland.
Bruises often cause pain but are not normally dangerous.
None of the authors, contributors, sponsors, administrators, vandals, or anyone else connected with Wikipedia, in any way at all, can be responsible for your use of the information on or linked from these web pages.
George Frideric Handel was also Kapellmeister for George, Elector of Hanover ( who later became King George I of Great Britain ).
Their eyes are quite small, and their sight is not good.
They are the same as biological materials in toughness only by chitin.
Oregano is a very important ingredient in Greek cuisine.
Tickets can be bought for National Rail services, the Docklands Light Railway and on the Oyster card.
These works he made and published himself. His much larger woodcuts were mostly made by people.
The historical method is the way historians use primary sources and other evidence. They use these sources to research and then to write history.
The weight of the continental icecap sitting on top of Lake Vostok is thought to be a reason for the high oxygen concentration.
As of 2000, the population is 89,148.
Aliteracy ( sometimes spelled alliteracy ) is the state of being able to read, but not wanting to read it.
Mifepristone is a synthetic steroid that is used as a drug.
It will then dislodge itself and sink back to the river bed. This is to digest its food and wait for its next meal.
Also, research has shown children are less likely to report a crime if it is about someone that he or she knows, trusts, and / or cares about.
Today, Landis'father has become a big supporter of his son. He says he is one of Floyd's biggest fans.
Shortly after becoming a Category 4 storm, the outer convection of the hurricane became wet.
The right price for a certain type of labor is called the wage.
Convinced that the grounds were haunted, they decided to publish what they found in a book, An Adventure ( 1911 ). They used the names Elizabeth Morison and Frances Lamont.
He settled in London. He mostly spent his time on practical teaching.
Brunstad has several fast food restaurants. It also has a cafeteria style restaurant, coffee bar, and a grocery store.
He left a group of 11,000 troops to make up the newly conquered region.
In 1438 Trevi passed under the rule of the Church as part of the legation of Perugia, and then its history comes together first with that of the States of the Church, then ( 1860 ) with the Kingdom of Italy.
The depression moved inland on the 20th as a circulation without any convection. It died out the next day over Brazil, where it caused heavy rains and flooding.
The New York City Housing Authority Police Department was a law enforcement agency in New York City. It started in 1952 and ended in 1995.
The band's current members are Flynn ( vocals, guitar ), Duce ( bass ), Phil Demmel ( guitar ), and Dave McClain ( drums ).
Advocacy Countries with a minority Muslim population are more likely than Muslim-majority countries of the Greater Middle East to use mosques as a way to help people get involved in politics.
The characters are bad extensions of their earlier characters, Pete and Dud.
Johan was also the first bassist of the Swedish power metal band HammerFall. He left the band before the band ever released a studio album.
In 1998, Culver ran for the Iowa Secretary of State and won.
In 1990, Mark Messier took the Hart over Ray Bourque by a margin of two votes. The difference was a single first place vote.
Shade sets the main plot of the novel in motion when he does not follow that law, and inadvertently starts a chain of events that leads to the destruction of his colony's home. This causes their early migration, and his separation from them.
The female version is a daughter.
He was told he had abdominal cancer in April 1999.
Before the storm came into the area, the National Park Service closed visitor centers and campgrounds along the Outer Banks.
The form of chess played is speed chess. Each player has a total of 12 minutes for the whole game to play.
The Amazon Basin is the part of South America that gets water from the Amazon River and its tributaries.
The two former presidents were later charged with mutiny and treason for their part in the 1979 coup and the Gwangju massacre in 1980.
Moderate to severe damage was felt up the Atlantic coast and as far inland as West Virginia.
Because the owner usually does not know, these computers are metaphorically compared to zombies.
The wave moved across the Atlantic Ocean, and became a tropical depression off the northern coast of Haiti on September 13.
For example, the stylebook of the Associated Press is changed every year.
The four canonical texts are the Gospel of Matthew, Gospel of Mark, Gospel of Luke and Gospel of John. They were probably written between AD 65 and 100 ( see also the Gospel according to the Hebrews ).
Since the end of the 19th century Eschelbronn is well known for the making of furniture.
The upper half looks like the coat of arms of the old district of Oberbarnim.
Unlike the clouds on Earth, however, which are made up of crystals of ice, Neptune's cirrus clouds are made up of crystals of methane ( gas ).
Their participation is limited until they are a legal adult.
Stable releases are rare, but there are often Subversion snapshots which are good enough to use for a long time.
In 1482, the Order sent him to Florence, the '' city of his destiny ''.
In the Soviet years, the Bolsheviks took down two of Rostov's most important buildings - St Alexander Nevsky Cathedral ( 1908 ) and St George Cathedral in Nakhichevan ( 1783 - 1807 ).
He died on May 29, 1518 in Madrid, Spain. He is buried in the church of San Benito d 'Alcantara.
This was shown in the Miller-Urey experiment by Stanley L. Miller and Harold C. Urey in 1953.
Cogeneration ( also combined heat and power, CHP ) is the use of a heat engine or a power station to make both electricity and heat at the same time.
Sometimes the male '' den master '' will also allow a second male into the den. The reason for this is not known.
A Wikipedia gadget is a JavaScript and / or a CSS code that can be turned on simply by checking an option in your Wikipedia settings.
Below are some useful links to help you get involved.
He was the prime minister of Egypt from 1945 to 1946, and again from 1946 to 1948.
She was left behind ( there are different reasons for this ) when the rest of the Nicoleos were moved to the mainland.
James I made him a Gentleman of the Chapel Royal, where he was an organist. He was there from at least 1615 until his death.
Chauvin was embarrassed to receive his award. At first, he said that he may not accept it.
Later, Esperanto speakers began to see the language and the culture that had grown up around it as ends in themselves. This is true even if Esperanto is never used by the United Nations or other international organizations.
Dry air wrapping around the southern edge of the cyclone weakened most of the strong winds by early on September 12.
Calvin Baker is an American writer.
Eva Anna Paula Braun, died Eva Anna Paula Hitler ( February 6, 1912 â '' April 30, 1945 ) was the wife of Adolf Hitler for a short time.
Each version of the License is given a different version number.
Most IRC servers don't require users to create an account. However, a user will have to set a nickname before being connected.
That same year, he also got a mechanics certificate. He became the youngest airplane mechanic in New York.
SummerSlam ( 2009 ) is an upcoming professional wrestling pay-per-view event made by World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ). It will take place on August 23, 2009 at the Staples Center in Los Angeles, California.
Usually shown as being bald, with long whiskers, he is said to be a form of the Southern Polestar.
A few animals have chromatic response, changing color in changing environments. This can be done either seasonally ( ermine, snowshoe hare ) or far more quickly with chromatophores in their body ( the cephalopod family ).
Val Venis won against Rikishi in a Steel cage match to keep the WWF Intercontinental Championship ( 14 : 10 ) Venis pinned Rikishi after Tazz hit Rikishi with a TV camera.
This is very similar to the Unix philosophy of having multiple programs each doing one thing well and working together over the same interface.
He came from a musical family. His mother, LaRue, was a teacher and singer, and his father, Keith Brion, was a band director at Yale University.
The largest groups of Mennonites are in Canada, the Democratic Republic of Congo and the United States. Mennonites can also be found in tight-knit communities in at least 51 countries on six continents, or scattered amongst the people who live in those countries.
Naas is a big '' Dublin Suburb '' town. Many people live in Naas and work in Dublin.
Acanthopholis's armour was made of oval plates set almost horizontally into the skin. There were spikes that came out from the neck and shoulder area, along the spine.
Origin Irmo was started on Christmas Eve in 1890. This was because of the opening of the Columbia, Newberry and Laurens Railroad.
On the other hand, bills proposed by the Law Commission, and consolidation bills, start in the House of Lords.
In the years before his final release in 1474, when he began work for the reunification of Wallachia, Vlad lived with his new wife in a house in the Hungarian capital.
You may add a passage of up to five words as a Front-Cover Text, and a passage of up to 25 words as a Back-Cover Text, to the end of the list of '' Cover Texts '' in the Modified Version.
He is buried in the Restvale Cemetery in Alsip, Illinois, USA.
Bone marrow is the tissue that is found in the hollow inside of bones.
Reflection nebulae are usually blue because the light goes around them better for blue light than red ( this is the same way that gives us blue skies and red sunsets ).
Monteux is a commune of the Vaucluse department in the south of France, in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur.
MacGruber starts asking for simple things to make something to make the bomb go away, but he is later distracted by something ( usually about his personal life ) that makes him run out of time.
This was a lot complete when Messiaen died, and Yvonne Loriod did the final movement's orchestration with help from George Benjamin.
Shi 'a Muslims think Karbala is one of their holiest cities. It is after Mecca, Medina, Jerusalem and Najaf.
The PAD wanted the governments of Thaksin Shinawatra, Samak Sundaravej and Somchai Wongsawat to be resigned. The PAD said they were proxies for Thaksin.
However travel through very remote areas, on isolated tracks, needs a lot of planning and a good, reliable vehicle ( usually a four wheel drive ).
While at Kahn he was the main architect for the Fisher Building in 1928.
He says no because he has to leave for rehearsal, and he and Dr. Schön leave.
Britpop came from the British independent music scene of the early 1990s. It was made up of bands that were influenced by British guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s.
This was put into battalions being made for the XI International Brigade.
The Sheppard line currently has less people using it than the other two subway lines, and shorter trains are run.
It can hold up to 98,772 people, making it the largest stadium in Europe, and the 11th largest in the world.
In December, 1967, Ten Boom was made one of the '' Righteous Among the Nations '' by the State of Israel.
Some articles are quite long and rich in content while others are shorter ( possibly stubs ) and are not as good.
About 95 species are currently used.
Eugowra is said to be named after an Australian word. It means '' The place where the sand washes down the hill ''.
Terms such as '' undies '' for underwear and '' movie '' for '' moving picture '' are often used in English.
Jurisdiction is made up of public international law, conflict of laws, constitutional law, and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government. The power is to use resources to best serve the needs of its native society.
He then wrote a few other pieces about Hiawatha : The Death of Minnehaha, Overture to The Song of Hiawatha, and Hiawatha's Departure.
The capital city of the state is Aracaju.
Despite this, Farrenc was paid less than her male friends for nearly a decade.
Gumbasia was made in a style Vorkapich taught called Kinesthetic Film Principles.
The lawyer, Brandon ( Waise Lee ), became his best friend. MK Sun grew up to be a lawyer.
ISBN 1 - 876429 - 14 - 3 is a town near Cowra in the central west of New South Wales, Australia. It is in the Cabonne Shire.
Military career Donaldson joined the Australian Army on June 18, 2002.
Prospectors from California, Europe and China were digging along the Peel River and up the side of the mountain.
Before the invention of the pocket calculator, it was the most used calculator used in science and engineering.
The Kindle 2 has a 16 - level grayscale display, better battery life, 20 percent faster page-refreshing, a text-to-speech option to read the text aloud, and a thickness cut from 0.8 to 0.36 inches ( 9.1 millimeters ).
Yoghurt or yogurt is a dairy product made by the fermentation of milk.
Seventy-five defencemen are in the Hall of Fame. This is more than any other current position, and only 35 goaltenders have been added.
Alternative views on the subject have been suggested throughout the centuries ( see below ). All of these ideas were rejected by mainstream Christian groups.
The album, however, was banned from many record stores all over the world.
The legs are wide at the top. They are also narrow at the ankle.
In late 2004, Suleman made news by cutting Howard Stern's radio show from four Citadel stations. He said Stern was often talking about his upcoming move to Sirius Satellite Radio.
The company opened twice as many Canadian stores as McDonald's. '' Wendy's confirms Tim Hortons IPO by March '', Ottawa Business Journal, December 1, 2005, and sales were bigger than those of McDonald's Canadian stores as of 2002.
Plot Captain Caleb Holt ( Kirk Cameron ) is a firefighter in Albany, Georgia. He follows the cardinal rule of all firemen, '' Never leave your partner behind ''.
He won the presidential election on March 2, 2008 with 71.25 % of the people's vote.
The plant is thought to be a living fossil.
In 1990, she was the only female singer allowed to perform in Saudi Arabia.
Orchestration Stravinsky first thought about writing the ballet in 1913.
Protests across the country were stopped.
Offenbach's many operettas, such as Orpheus in the Underworld, and La belle Hélène, were very popular both in France and in the English world during the 1850s and 1860s.
Roof tiles dating back to the Tang Dynasty with this symbol have been found west of the ancient city of Chang 'an ( now called Xian ).
Jeanne Marie-Madeleine Demessieux ( born Paris, 13 February 1921 ; died 11 November 1968 ), was a French organist, pianist, and composer.
By most people, the instrument was nearly impossible to control.
Santa Maria Maggiore ( St. Mary the Greater ), the oldest church in the world.
Characteristics Radar sightings show a fairly pure iron-nickel composition.
Railway Gazette International is a monthly business magazine. It is about the railway, metro, light rail and tram industries.
He was made the Companion of Honour ( CH ) in 1988.
Loèche is home to the Onyx, the Swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering.
A matchbook is a small cardboard folder ( matchcover ) with a lot of matches in it. It has a rough striking surface on the outside.
She was one of the first doctors to stop smoking cigarettes around children, and drug use in pregnant women.
She vowed to never give up the Commune, and she told the judges to sentence her to death.
OEL manga series Graystripe's Trilogy There is a three volume original English-language manga series following Graystripe, between the time that he was taken by Twolegs in Dawn and the time that he came back to ThunderClan in The Sight.
Samovar & Porter ( 1994 ), p. 84 Syrians did not live together in urban areas ; many of the immigrants who had worked as peddlers were able to talk with Americans on a daily basis.
He was also famous for his prints, book covers, posters, and the garden metal he made.
During childhood she had collapsed lungs twice. She also had pneumonia 4 â '' 5 times a year, a broken appendix, and a tonsillar cyst.
Dr. David Lindenmeyer ( Australian National University ) has argued that the need for nest boxes shows that logging is not good for the environment, for conserving hollow-dependent species like Leadbeater's possum.
The Montreal Canadiens are an ice hockey team in the National Hockey League in Montreal, Quebec.
Small value inductors can also be built on integrated circuits. They use the same process that are used to make transistors.
The term gribble was first used for the wood-boring species. This was especially the first species described from Norway by Rathke in 1799, Limnoria lignorum.
The wounds that are caused by a club are known as bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries.
After that the county was run at Duns or Lauder until Greenlaw became the county town ( town ) in 1596.
No skater has yet made a quadruple Axel in competition.
From the telephone exchange, the Port Jackson District Commandant could talk with all the military ships on the harbour.
However, even to those who enter the prayer hall of a mosque without thinking about praying, there are still rules that apply.
It is said to be pointed in the face and about the size of a rabbit.
Computer performance is a measure of how much useful work is done by a computer system compared to the time and resources used.
Some of the biggest lakes in the world can be found along the Volga River.
The crosier is for the monasteries of the region.
Human skin can be anything from very dark brown to very pale pink.
Bankers from ShoreBank, a community development bank in Chicago, helped Yunus start the bank. The bank got the money from a grant from the Ford Foundation.
Bremer said he wanted to put Saddam on trial, but said that the details of such a trial had not yet been decided.
The members of the Professional Hockey Writers'Association vote for the All-Star Team at the end of the regular season.
Tajikistan, Turkmenistan and Uzbekistan border Afghanistan to the north, Iran to the west, Pakistan to the south, and the People's Republic of China to the east.
Nupedia was started on March 9, 2000. It is owned by Bomis, Inc., a web portal company.
Notable features of the design include key-dependent S-boxes and a very complex key schedule.
Iain Grieve ( born 19 February, 1987 in Jwaneng, Botswana ) is a rugby union player. He plays for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
Other small towns include Pont-Bellanger and Beaumesnil.
The quark model was made by two other physicists, Murray Gell-Mann and George Zweig in 1964.
The fourth ring is decorated with golden garlands. It was added in 1938 39 when the column was moved to where it is now.
West Berlin had its own post office, separate from West Germany's. West Germany had its own postage stamps until 1990.
The Primavera is a painting by the Italian Renaissance painter Sandro Botticelli. It was painted around 1482.
New South Wales'biggest city and capital is Sydney.
The polymer is most often epoxy, but other polymers, such as polyester, vinyl ester, or nylon, are also sometimes used.
The name survives as a brand for a related digital television channel, digital radio station, and website which have not been used since the end of the printed magazine.
At four and a half years old he was left to live on the streets of northern Italy for the next four years. He lived in many orphanages and went through towns with groups of other homeless children.
Stands were added behind each set of goals in the 1980s and 1990s as the ground began to be made more modern.
A town may be described as a market town or as having market rights even if it does not have a market anymore, if the right to do so still exists.
A bastion on the eastern side was built later.
Events July 29 - Battle of Stiklestad ( Norway ) - Olav Haraldsson loses to his vassals ( gods ) and is killed in the battle.
Some people think that Tresca was killed by the NKVD as revenge for his criticism of the Stalin regime of the Soviet Union.
This meant that both Montenegro and Serbia became independent countries.
Use HTML and CSS markup sparingly and only for a good reason.
Schuschnigg immediately said in public that reports of riots were false.
Addiscombe is a town in the London Borough of Croydon, in England.
Depending on the context, another meaning of constituent is that of a citizen living in the area governed, represented, or otherwise served by a politician. Sometimes this means only people who elected the politician, not a politician.
Prunk is a member of the Institute of European History in Mainz. He is also a member of the Center for European Integration Studies in Bonn.
Stallone also had a small part in the 2003 French movie Taxi 3 as a passenger.
Instead, the crew made a trailer with a cantilevered arm attached to the hovercraft. They shot the scene while riding up the Templin Highway north of Santa Clarita, California.
The papers were published the next year in a book called Microeconomic Foundations of Employment and Inflation Theory, by Phelps et al.
Wario Land The Wario Land series is a series of video games. It started with Wario Land : Super Mario Land 3, a spin-off of Super Mario Land.
Frédéric Chopin's Opus 57 is a piece for solo piano.
These attacks may have been psychological, rather than physical, attacks.
A historian said that '' it was quinine's use that gave colonists fresh opportunities to swarm into the Gold Coast, Nigeria and other parts of west Africa ''.
Also, spectroscopic studies have shown evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates, which show that the surface is stony.
She became the best editor of her husband's works for Breitkopf und Härtel.
Mercury looks a lot like the Moon : it is very cratered with areas of smooth plains. It has no natural satellites and no large atmosphere.
Geography The town is found in the Limmat valley between Baden and Zürich.
These are good places for chinkara, hog deer and blue bull.
After the Sena dynasty, Dhaka was ruled by the Turkish and Afghan governors coming down from the Delhi Sultanate. This happened before the arrival of the Mughals in 1608.
The Prime Minister stays in office only as long as he or she has the support of the lower house.
For Rowling, this scene is important because it shows Harry's bravery. When he finds Cedric's body, he shows his selflessness and compassion.
On June 1, 1972, he and other RAF members Jan-Carl Raspe and Holger Meins were caught after a long fight in Frankfurt, Germany.
Together they formed New Music Manchester. They were a group of contemporary music.
The compact and strong hurricane caused a lot of damage in the upper Florida Keys. A storm surge of about 18 to 20 feet affected the area.
It is now the site of Meher Baba's samadhi ( tomb ) as well as places to stay for pilgrims.
The broken dome of the main church has been made back entirely.
In 2005, Meissner became the second American woman to do the triple Axel jump in a national competition.
Salem is a city of Essex County in the state of Massachusetts.
Forty-nine species of pipefish and nine species of seahorse have been found.
Saint Martin is a tropical island in the northeast Caribbean. It is about 300 km ( 186 miles ) east of Puerto Rico.
Therefore, these PDFs can not be sold without any changes if they contain images.
In April 1862, Ben was arrested by the Police Inspector Sir Frederick Pottinger. He had been part of an armed robbery while in the company of Frank Gardiner.
Heavy rain fell across parts of Britain on October 5. This caused the accumulation of flood waters.
Version 2009.1 has a USB installer to create a Live USB, where the user's settings and personal data can be saved if they want.
In relation to the parties'respective strength in the Federal Assembly, the seats were given as follows : Free Democratic Party ( FDP ) : 2 members, Christian Democratic People's Party ( CVP ) : 2 members, Social Democratic Party ( SP ) : 2 members, and Swiss People's Party ( SVP ) : 1 member.
A fee is the price a person pays for services, especially the honorarium paid to a doctor, lawyer, consultant, or other member of a well known profession.
Ohio State's library system has twenty-one libraries on its Columbus, Ohio campus.
In other things, both Iceland and Greenland accepted the overlordship of Norway, but Scotland was able to stop a Norse invasion and get a good peace deal.
The singles from the album were '' By the Way '', '' The Zephyr Song '', '' Can't Stop '', '' Dosed '' and '' Universally Speaking ''.
In April 2000, MINIX became free / open source software under a permissive free software licence. By this time, other operating systems were not as good, and MINIX was only an operating system for students and hobbyists.
The body color varies from medium brown to gold-ish to beige-white. Sometimes, it has dark brown spots, especially on the back of the body.
The Britannica was mostly a Scottish company, as shown by its thistle logo, the floral symbol of Scotland.
The area covered by the warning given out on September 22 was moved south as Jose got stronger, before being canceled soon after landfall on September 23.
In August 2003, the San Diego Union Tribune said that U. S. Marine pilots and their commanders said that Mark 77 firebombs were used on Iraqi Republican Guards during the first days of fighting.
The latter gave audiences the sort of information later given by intertitles. It can also help historians think of what the movie may have been like.
That is because real estate, businesses and other things in the underground economies of the Third World can not be used to get money to help pay for industrial and commercial expansion.
He ran away from Sydney Cove several times before being shot dead in 1796.
Ned and Dan went to the police camp, telling them to give up.
Before the second game got started, the press agreed that the '' midget-in-a-cake''' look had not been as good as Veeck's usual promotional look.
In a short video for the charity Equality Now Joss Whedon said that '' Fray is not done, Fray is coming back. ''
A mutant is a type of fictional character that is in the comic books made by Marvel Comics.
The SAT Reasoning Test ( also known as the Scholastic Aptitude Test and Scholastic Assessment Test ) is a test for college admissions in the United States.
Civil unrest in northern Italy makes the medieval musical form of Geisslerlieder. These are songs sung by wandering bands of Flagellants.
Some reports read that different things increase the likelihood of both paralysis and hallucinations.
His sentence was sent to Australia for seven years.
Waugh writes that Charles had been '' in search of love in those days '' when he first met Sebastian. He found '' that low door in the wall... which opened on an enclosed and enchanted garden ''. This is a metaphor for the work on a number of levels.
Her famous friendship with the Russian mystic Grigori Rasputin was also an important part of her life.
The term dorsal refers to anatomical structures that are either on or on the other side of an animal.
The term '' protein '' was made by Berzelius, after Mulder found out that all proteins seemed to have the same formula, and might be made of a single type of ( very large ) molecule.
After the Jerilderie raid, the gang stayed quiet for 16 months, avoiding capture.
Barneville-la-Bertran is a commune. It is found in the Basse-Normandie region in the Calvados department in northwest France.
The color is from orange to pale yellow.
In 1963 an extension was added. It went north from Union station, below University Avenue and Queen's Park. It went to near Bloor Street, where it turned west to end at St. George and Bloor Streets.
Before 1980, a part of the Central Australian line of the Commonwealth Railways went along the western side of the Simpson Desert.
It is on an old portage trail. It went west through the mountains to Unalakleet.
People with cardiomyopathy are often at risk of having an arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death.
As the largest sub-region in Mesoamerica, it covered a lot of land. This included the mountainous regions of the Sierra Madre to the semi-arid plains of northern Yucatán.
Google then made the comic available on Google Books and their site. They also mentioned it on their official blog along with an explanation for the early release.
Anyone may register a pedigree with the college, where they are carefully looked at internally and need official proofs before being changed.
The book, Political Economy, was published in 1985. It was only used in classrooms.
He toured with the IPO in the spring of 1990 for their first performance in the Soviet Union. He gave concerts in Moscow and Leningrad, and he toured with the IPO again in 1994, performing in China and India.
Napoleonic Wars : Austrian General Mack surrenders his army to the Grand Army of Napoleon at Ulm. He took over 30,000 prisoners and made 10,000 deaths on the people who lost.
It has long been the economic centre of northern Nigeria. It is also a place for the making and export of groundnuts.
Most of South Indians speak one of the five Dravidian languages. These are Kannada, Malayalam, Tamil, Telugu and Tulu.
Meteora gave the band many awards and honors.
After a short time, the WWF cavalry turned around and attacked Kane and Jericho.
Most of the songs were written by Richard M. Sherman and Robert B. Sherman.
In the 5th century Slavs started to live in the area.
From 1900 to 1920 many new buildings were built on campus. These include facilities for the dental and pharmacy programs, a chemistry building, a building for the natural sciences, Hill Auditorium, large hospital and library buildings, and two residence halls.
Winchester is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Name Arzashkun seems to be the Assyrian form of an Armenian name ending in -ka. This name comes from a proper name Arzash, which is similar to the name Arsene, Arsissa, used by the ancients to part of Lake Van.
Out of 16,421 people in the national casting, she was chosen from the 15 people to appear on the TV show.
Its episodes were shown on the ABC network from its first episode on September 21, 1993 to March 1, 2005.
The device can then be designed and used in places that are less strict.
Gimnasia hired first famous Colombian trainer Francisco Maturana, and then Julio César Falcioni, but both had very little success.
Brighton is a city of Iowa in the United States.
She has also been in several music videos, including '' It Girl '' by John Oates and '' Just Lose It '' by Eminem.
On June 24, 1979 ( the 750th anniversary of the village ), Glinde got a town charter.
Pauline came back in the Game Boy remake of Donkey Kong in 1994, and later Mario vs. Donkey Kong 2 : March of the Minis in 2006. The character is now called '' Mario's friend ''.
The vagina is very elastic. It stretches to many times its normal size during vaginal birth.
His real date of birth was never written down, but it is thought to be between 1935 and 1939.
This measure shows how much of a particular drug or other substance ( inhibitor ) is needed to stop a given biological process ( or part of a process, i. e, an enzyme, cell, cell receptor or microorganism ) by half.
Although the name suggests that they are in the Bernese Oberland region of the canton of Bern, parts of the Bernese Alps can be found in the nearby cantons of Valais, Lucerne, Obwalden, Fribourg and Vaud.
There he had one daughter, later called Mary Ann Fisher Power. She was married to Ann ( e ) Power.
During an interview, Edward Gorey said that Bawden was one of his favorite artists. He said that not many people knew or remembered about this great artist.
The string can vibrate in different ways just like a guitar string can make different notes. Every mode appears as a different particle : electron, photon, gluon, etc..
Gable also got an Academy Award nomination when he played Fletcher Christian in 1935's movie, Mutiny on the Bounty.
