One side of the armed conflicts is made up of the Sudanese military and the Janjaweed, a Sudanese militia group. The Janjaweed are mostly from the Afro-Arab Abbala tribes of the northern Rizeigat region of Sudan.
Jeddah is the main gateway to Mecca, Islam's holiest city. All Muslims must visit Jeddah at least once in their lives to become a Muslim.
The Great Dark Spot is thought to be in the methane cloud deck of the planet Neptune.
His next work, Saturday, is about a very busy day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon.
The tarantula, the trickster character, spun a black cord and, attaching it to the ball, crawled away fast to the east, pulling on the cord with all his strength.
There he died six weeks later on January 13, 888.
They are similar in culture to the coastal peoples of Papua New Guinea.
Since 2000, the person who gets the Kate Greenaway Medal has also been given the Colin Mears Award, worth about £ 5000.
After the drummers are dancers, who often play the sogo ( a small drum that makes almost no sound ). Dancers often have choreography that is more complex, even acrobatic.
The ESA Huygens probe is named after the Dutch astronomer, mathematician and physicist Christiaan Huygens. The NASA Cassini orbiter is named after the Italian-French astronomer Giovanni Domenico Cassini.
Sandro Mazzola ( born 8 November, 1942 ) is a former Italian football player.
At first people thought that the debris that came from the collision filled in the smaller craters.
Graham went to Wheaton College from 1939 to 1943. In 1943, he got a degree in anthropology.
However, the BZ is a bit different from the Freedom Party. They are in favor of a referendum about the Lisbon Treaty but do not want to leave the EU.
Many species had gone by the end of the 19th century, because Europeans had moved there.
In 1987, Wexler was added to the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.
Dextromethorphan can be found in its pure form as a white powder.
Admission to Tsinghua is very difficult.
Today NRC is run as a private, independent foundation.
It is located on the coast of the Baltic Sea. The city of Stralsund is next to it.
He was also named by Sports Illustrated as the 1982 '' Sportsman of the Year ''.
Fives is a British sport. Many people think it came from the same origins as many racquet sports.
For example, King Bhumibol was born on Monday, so every part of Thailand will have a yellow color on its birthday.
Both names were not used again until 2007 when they became The National Museum of Scotland.
Tagore used many different styles, including craftwork from northern New Ireland, Haida carvings from the west coast of Canada ( British Columbia ), and woodcuts by Max Pechstein.
On October 14, 1960, John F. Kennedy, a candidate for President, proposed the idea of the Peace Corps on the steps of Michigan Union.
She performed for President Ronald Reagan in a television program called '' Great Performances at the White House '' on the Public Broadcasting Service.
Perry Saturn ( with Terri ) won against Eddie Guerrero ( with Chyna ) to win the WWF European Championship. Eddie Guerrero was pinned by Saturn after a Diving elbow drop.
She stayed in the United States until 1927, when she and her husband went back to France.
Despina was found in late July, 1989, from the pictures taken by the Voyager 2 probe.
The first Italian Grand Prix took place in Brescia, Italy on September 4, 1921.
He also wrote two books of short stories called The Ribbajack & Other Curious Yarns and Seven Strange and Ghostly Tales.
At the Voyager 2 images, Ophelia appears stretched out, with the major axis pointing towards Uranus.
The British decided to get rid of him and take the land by force.
Some towns on the Eyre Highway in the south-east corner of Western Australia, between the South Australian border almost as far as Caiguna, do not follow the Australian Standard Time.
In architectural decoration Small pieces of colored shell have been used to make mosaics. These mosaics have been used to decorate walls, furniture and boxes in buildings.
Other cities that are part of the Palos Verdes Peninsula are Rancho Palos Verdes, Rolling Hills Estates and Rolling Hills.
Fearing that Drek will destroy the galaxy, Clank asks Ratchet to help him find Captain Qwark. He says that Drek will destroy the galaxy.
It is not really a louse.
He wants to use a user-centered design process in product development cycles. He also wants to make interaction design more popular in the United States.
It is possible that the other editors who may have reported you, and the administrator who blocked you, may be part of a conspiracy against someone who is half a world away from where you live.
Working Group 1 : Analyses scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change.
The island chain is part of the Hebrides. It is separated from the Scottish mainland and the Inner Hebrides by the sea, the Minch, the Little Minch and the Sea of the Hebrides.
Orton gave birth to his wife, Alanna Marie Orton on July 12, 2008.
Minor planet designations are given by the Minor Planet Center, a part of the International Astronomical Union.
By early on September 30, wind shear started to increase very much. A weakening trend began.
Each entry has a datum ( a piece of data ). A datum is a copy of the data in a backing store.
Because of this, many mosques will not enforce these rules. However, both men and women who go to a mosque must follow these rules.
Mariel of Redwall is a fantasy book that was written by Brian Jacques.
Ryan Prosser ( born 10 July 1988 ) is an Irish rugby union player. He plays for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
Like previous assessment reports, it is made up of four reports. Three of these are from its working groups.
Their granddaughter Hélène Langevin-Joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the University of Paris. Their grandson Pierre Joliot, who was named after Pierre Curie, is also a biochemist.
This stamp remained the standard letter stamp for the rest of Victoria's reign. A lot of copies of this stamp were printed.
The International Fight League ( IFL ) was a mixed martial arts ( MMA ) organization. It was the first MMA league in the world.
Giardia lamblia ( also known as Lamblia intestinalis or Giardia duodenalis ) is a protozoan parasite. It lives in the small intestine, and causes giardiasis in humans.
Aside from this, Cameron has often worked in Christian-themed productions, such as Left Behind : The Movie, Left Behind II : Tribulation Force, and Left Behind : World at War. In Left Behind : World at War, he plays the role of '' Buck '' Williams.
This was the area east of the mouth of the Vistula River. It was later called '' Prussia proper ''.
After he finished his studies, he went back to Yerevan to teach at the local Conservatory. Later he became artistic director of the Armenian Philarmonic Orchestra.
The story of Christmas is based on what the Bible says in the Gospel of Matthew. This means - and the Gospel of Luke, specifically -.
Weelkes later found himself in trouble with the Chichester Cathedral authorities because he was very drunk and did not drink enough.
So far the celebrities have been Vic Reeves, Nancy Sorrell, Gaby Roslin, Scott Mills, Mark Chapman, Simon Gregson, Sue Cleaver, Paul O 'Grady, and Lee Ryan.
It was found by Stephen P. Synnott in images taken by the Voyager 1 space probe on March 5, 1979. He was looking at Jupiter at the time.
Gomaespuma is a Spanish radio show. It is hosted by Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser.
On June 16, 2009, the release date of The Resistance was announced on the band's official website.
He is also a member of another boyband called 183 Club.
According to the theologian Hippolytus, the singing of Hallel psalms with Alleluia is said to have been used as the refrain in early Christian agape feasts.
In return, Rollo swore loyalty to Charles, became a Christian, and went to defend the northern part of France against the attacks of other Viking groups.
The name comes from Voice of America ( VoA ) Special English.
Disney got a full-size Oscar statuette and seven small ones. The statuette was given to him by child actress Shirley Temple.
It was the first asteroids to be found by a spacecraft.
Hinterrhein is a district of the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.
It is now known as Bohemian Switzerland in the Czech Republic.
This leads to confusion when 220 ( 1,048,576 ) bytes is called a '' megabyte '' instead of a '' megabyte ''.
The incident has been the subject of many reports about the ethics of scholarship.
They are castrated so that the animal may be able to eat better or put on weight more quickly.
Seventh sons have strong '' knacks '' ( specific magical abilities ). Seventh sons of seventh sons are very rare, and they are also very powerful.
PassMark Software did a study on the 2009 version. It showed 52 second install time, 32 second scan time, and 7 MB memory usage.
Volterra is a town in the region of Tuscany in Italy.
Historically, the sensations of itch and pain have not been considered to be independent of each other until recently. In this study, it was found that itch has many things in common with pain, but there are some differences.
The tongue is sticky because of the presence of mucous. This mucous lubricates movement in and out of the snout. It also helps to catch ants and termites, which stick to the tongue.
The same tram had been hit by a car on 30 May 2006 at the Starr Gate loop.
There are statues of Sir Alf Ramsey and Sir Bobby Robson outside the ground. They were both former Ipswich Town and England managers.
Take the square root of the difference.
Volunteers gave food, blankets, water, children's toys, massages, and a live rock band performance at the stadium.
Vouvray-sur-Huisne is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.
If there are no strong land use controls, buildings are built along a bypass. This turns it into an ordinary town road, and the bypass may eventually become as full of people as the local streets it was meant to avoid.
It is also a good place to start exploring the Cooktown area, Cape York Peninsula, and the Atherton Tableland.
Bruises often cause pain, but are not usually dangerous.
None of the authors, contributors, sponsors, administrators, vandals, or anyone else connected with Wikipedia, in any way, can be responsible for how you use the information on these web pages, or how you link to them.
George Frideric Handel was also the Kapellmeister for George, Elector of Hanover, who later became King George I of Great Britain.
Their eyes are quite small, and they can not see very well.
They are like biological materials in toughness only because of chitin.
Oregano is very important in Greek cuisine.
Tickets can be bought for National Rail services, the Docklands Light Railway and on Oystercard.
These works he made and published himself. His much larger woodcuts were mostly made for him to make.
The historical method is the way that historians use primary sources and other evidence to research and then to write history. This is called the historical method.
The weight of the continental icecap sitting on top of Lake Vostok is thought to be a reason for the high amount of oxygen.
In 2000, there were 89,148 people.
Aliteracy ( sometimes spelled alliteracy ) means that someone is able to read but does not want to do so.
Mifepristone is a synthetic steroid that is used as a drug.
It will then dislodge itself and sink back to the river bed. This is done so it can digest its food and wait for its next meal.
Research has shown that children are less likely to report a crime if it is about someone they know, trust, or care about. This is also true for adults.
Today, Landis'father is very happy for his son. He says that he is one of Floyd's biggest fans.
Shortly after becoming a Category 4 hurricane, the outer part of the storm became very wet.
The right price for a certain type of work is called the wage.
Convinced that the grounds were haunted, they decided to publish their findings in a book called An Adventure ( 1911 ). The authors were called Elizabeth Morison and Frances Lamont.
He settled in London. Most of his time was spent teaching practical things.
Brunstad has several fast food restaurants. Brunstad also has a cafeteria, a coffee shop, and a grocery store.
He left 11,000 troops to keep the new area he had conquered.
In 1438 Trevi passed under the temporal rule of the Church as part of the legation of Perugia. Its history then merges with that of the States of the Church, and then ( 1860 ) with the Kingdom of Italy.
The depression moved inland on the 20th as there was no convection. The next day it died out over Brazil, where it caused heavy rains and flooding.
The New York City Housing Authority Police Department was a police department in New York City. It started in 1952 and ended in 1995.
The band's current members are Flynn ( vocals, guitar ), Duce ( bass ), Phil Demmel ( guitar ), and Dave McClain ( drums ).
Advocacy Countries with a minority Muslim population are more likely to use mosques than Muslim-majority countries of the Greater Middle East as a way to help people get involved in their lives.
The characters are like their earlier characters, Pete and Dud, but different.
Johan was also the first bassist of the Swedish power metal band HammerFall. He left the band before HammerFall made an album.
In 1998, Culver ran for the Iowa Secretary of State election.
In 1990, Mark Messier won over Ray Bourque by two votes. The difference between Messier and Bourque was a single first-place vote.
Shade sets the main plot of the novel in motion when he defies that law, and inadvertently starts a chain of events that leads to the destruction of his colony's home. This makes their early migration, and his separation from them, very difficult.
The female version is called a daughter.
In April 1999, he was diagnosed with inoperable cancer.
Before the storm arrived, the National Park Service closed many visitor centers and campgrounds along the Outer Banks.
Chess is played as a speed chess game. Each player has a total of twelve minutes to play the whole game.
The Amazon Basin is the part of South America that is drained by the Amazon River.
The two former presidents were later charged with treason and mutiny for their part in the 1979 coup and the 1980 Gwangju massacre.
Moderate to severe damage was felt along the Atlantic coast and as far away as West Virginia.
Because the owner usually does not know about it, these computers are compared to zombies.
The wave moved across the Atlantic Ocean. On September 13, it became a tropical depression off the northern coast of Haiti.
For example, the stylebook of the Associated Press is updated every year.
The four canonical texts are the Gospel of Matthew, the Gospel of Mark, the Gospel of Luke and the Gospel of John. The Gospel of John was probably written between 65 and 100 AD.
Since the end of the 19th century Eschelbronn has been famous for making furniture for many years.
The upper half also looks like the coat of arms of the old district of Oberbarnim.
Unlike the clouds on Earth, which are made up of crystals of ice, Neptune's cirrus clouds are made up of frozen methane, which is also called ice.
Their participation is only allowed until they become adults.
Development Stable releases are rare, but there are often Subversion snapshots that are easy to use and use.
In 1482 the Order sent him to Florence. Florence was the '' city of his destiny ''.
In the Soviet years, the Bolsheviks destroyed two of Rostov's most important buildings, St Alexander Nevsky Cathedral ( 1908 ) and St George Cathedral in Nakhichevan ( 1783 - 1807 ).
He died on May 29, 1518 in Madrid, Spain. His grave is in the church of San Benito d'Alcantara.
This was shown in the Miller-Urey experiment by Stanley L. Miller and Harold C. Urey in 1953.
Cogeneration ( also combined heat and power, CHP ) is the use of a heat engine or a power station to generate both electricity and useful heat at the same time.
Sometimes the male den master will also allow a second male into the den. The reason for this is not known, though.
A Wikipedia gadget is a JavaScript and / or CSS code that can be turned on or off by checking an option in your Wikipedia settings.
Below are some useful links to help you get involved.
He was the Prime Minister of Egypt from 1945 to 1946, and again from 1946 to 1948.
She was left behind when the rest of the Nicoleos were moved to the mainland ( this is different ).
James I made him a Gentleman of the Chapel Royal. He worked there as an organist from at least 1615 until his death.
Chauvin was embarrassed when he got his award. At first, he said that he may not accept it.
Later, Esperanto speakers began to see the language and the culture that had grown up around it as '' ends in themselves '', even if Esperanto is never used by the United Nations or other international organizations.
Dry air around the southern edge of the cyclone made it harder for the storm to form by early on September 12.
Calvin Baker is an American writer.
Eva Anna Paula Braun ( February 6, 1912 - April 30, 1945 ) was the wife of Adolf Hitler. She died Eva Anna Paula Hitler ( April 30, 1945 ).
Each version of the License is given a different version number.
Most IRC servers do not require users to create an account. However, a user will have to set a nickname before using IRC.
That same year he also got a mechanics certificate. This made him the youngest airplane mechanic in New York.
SummerSlam ( 2009 ) is an upcoming professional wrestling pay-per-view event made by World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ). The event will take place on August 23, 2009 at Staples Center in Los Angeles, California.
He is usually portrayed as being bald, with long whiskers. Some people think he is a version of the Southern Polestar.
A few animals have chromatic response, changing color in changing environments. This happens either seasonally ( ermine, snowshoe hare ) or far more quickly ( the cephalopod family ) with chromatophores in their body.
Val Venis won against Rikishi in a Steel cage match to keep the WWF Intercontinental Championship. Venis pinned Rikishi after Tazz hit Rikishi with a TV camera.
This is very similar to the Unix idea of having multiple programs doing one thing well and working together over the same interface.
His mother, LaRue Brion, was a teacher and singer. His father, Keith Brion, was a band director at Yale University and his mother was a singer.
The largest numbers of Mennonites are in Canada, the Democratic Republic of Congo and the United States. Mennonites can also be found in tight-knit communities in at least 51 countries on six continents, or scattered amongst the people of those countries.
Naas is a big town in Dublin, Ireland. Many people live in Naas and work in Dublin.
Acanthopholis's armor was made up of oval plates set almost horizontally into the skin. There were spikes in the neck and shoulder area, along the spine.
Origin Irmo was started on Christmas Eve in 1890 because of the opening of the Columbia, Newberry and Laurens Railroad.
The Law Commission makes new laws, and consolidation bills, start in the House of Lords.
In the years before his final release in 1474, when he started to prepare for the return of Wallachia, Vlad lived with his new wife in a house in the Hungarian capital.
You can add a section of up to five words as a Front-Cover Text, and a section of up to 25 words as a Back-Cover Text. You can also add a section of up to 25 words as a Back-Cover Text.
He is buried in the Restvale Cemetery in Alsip, Illinois.
Bone marrow is a kind of tissue that is found in the inside of bones.
Reflection nebulae are usually blue because the light gets more blue than red ( this is the same thing that gives us blue skies and red sunsets ). They are usually blue.
It is located in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.
MacGruber starts asking for simple objects to make something to make the bomb go away. Later, he is distracted by something ( usually about his personal life ) that makes him run out of time.
This was finished when Messiaen died, and Yvonne Loriod started the last movement's orchestration. George Benjamin helped him with this.
Shi 'a Muslims think that Karbala is the second holiest city after Mecca, Medina, Jerusalem and Najaf.
The PAD called for the governments of Thaksin Shinawatra, Samak Sundaravej and Somchai Wongsawat to be re-elected. The PAD said they were proxies for Thaksin.
However travel through very remote areas, on isolated tracks, needs planning and a good vehicle ( usually a four wheel drive vehicle ).
When he was at Kahn he was the chief architect for the Fisher Building.
He tells himself that he has to leave for rehearsal, and he and Dr. Schön leave.
Britpop came from the British independent music scene of the early 1990s. It was made up of bands that were influenced by British guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s.
This was put into battalions being made for the XI International Brigade.
The Sheppard line currently has less people using it than the other two subway lines. It also has shorter trains.
It can hold 98,772 people. This makes it the biggest stadium in Europe, and the eleventh biggest in the world.
Ten Boom was named one of the '' Righteous Among the Nations '' by the State of Israel in December 1967.
Some articles are quite long and have a lot of content. Other articles are shorter ( possibly stubs ) and not as good.
About 95 different species are now used.
Eugowra is named after the Australian word '' Eugowra ''. This means '' The place where the sand washes down the hill ''.
Terms such as '' undies '' for underwear and '' movie '' for '' moving picture '' are often used in English.
Jurisdiction is made up of public international law, conflict of laws, constitutional law, and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government. This gives the government the power to use its resources to best serve the needs of its people.
He wrote a few more pieces about Hiawatha, including The Death of Minnehaha, The Song of Hiawatha, and Hiawatha's Departure.
The capital city of the state is Aracaju.
Even though this was true, Farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts.
Gumbasia was made in a style Vorkapich taught called '' Kinesthetic Film Principles ''.
The lawyer, Brandon ( Waise Lee ), became his favorite character. MK Sun grew up to be a lawyer.
The Cabonne Shire is a historic town near Cowra in the central west of New South Wales, Australia. It is in the Cabonne Shire.
He started his military career in the Australian Army on 18 June 2002.
Prospectors from California, Europe and China were also digging along the Peel River and up the mountain's slopes.
Before the pocket calculator was invented, it was the most commonly used calculator in science and engineering.
The Kindle 2 has a 16 - level grayscale display, better battery life, 20 percent faster page-refreshing, and a text-to-speech option to read the text aloud. The Kindle 2's screen size is 0.36 inches ( 9.1 millimeters ).
Yoghurt or yogurt is a dairy product that is made by bacteria in milk.
Seventy-five people are in the Hall of Fame, more than any other person. Only 35 goaltenders have been added to the Hall of Fame.
Alternative views on the subject have been suggested throughout the centuries ( see below ), but most Christian groups did not like these views.
However, the album was not allowed in many record stores nationwide.
The legs are wide at the top, and narrow at the bottom.
In late 2004, Suleman made headlines by cutting Howard Stern's radio show from four Citadel stations. This was because Stern had been talking about moving to Sirius Satellite Radio often.
The company opened twice as many Canadian stores as McDonald's '' Wendy's confirms Tim Hortons IPO by March '', Ottawa Business Journal, December 1, 2005. System-wide sales were also higher than those of McDonald's Canadian stores as of 2002.
Plot Captain Caleb Holt ( Kirk Cameron ), played by Kirk Cameron, is a firefighter in Albany, Georgia. He always says, '' Never leave your partner behind ''.
He won the presidential election on March 2, 2008. He got 71.25 % of the vote.
The plant is thought to be a living fossil.
In 1990, she was the only female to be allowed to perform in Saudi Arabia.
Orchestration Stravinsky first thought about writing the ballet in 1913.
Protests across the country were stopped.
Offenbach's many operettas, such as Orpheus in the Underworld, and La belle Hélène, were very popular both in France and in the English-speaking world. They were very successful.
Roof tiles from the Tang Dynasty with this symbol have been found west of the ancient city of Chang 'an ( now called Xian ), China.
Jeanne Marie-Madeleine Demessieux ( born Paris, 13 February 1921 ; died Paris, 11 November 1968 ) was a French organist and composer.
Most people said that the instrument was almost impossible to control.
Santa Maria Maggiore ( St. Mary the Greater ), a church in Assisi, Italy.
Characteristics Radar sightings show that it is a fairly pure iron-nickel.
Railway Gazette International is a monthly business magazine. It is about the railway, metro, light rail and tram industry in the world.
He was made a Companion of Honour ( CH ) in 1988.
Loèche is also home to Onyx, the Swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering.
A matchbook is a small cardboard folder ( matchcover ) that has a lot of matches in it. It also has a rough surface on the outside.
She was one of the first doctors to stop smoking when children were young, and drug use when pregnant women.
She said she would never give up the Commune. She told the judges to sentence her to death.
OEL manga series Graystripe's Trilogy There is a three volume original English language manga series following Graystripe. Graystripe was taken by Twolegs in Dawn and then returned to ThunderClan in The Sight.
Samovar & Porter ( 1994 ), p 84 Syrians did not live together in urban areas ; many of the immigrants who had worked as peddlers were able to talk with Americans on a daily basis.
He was also famous for his prints, book covers, posters, and other things that he made.
During childhood, she had collapsed lungs twice. She also had pneumonia 4 â '' 5 times a year, a broken appendix, and a tonsillar cyst.
Dr. David Lindenmeyer ( Australian National University ) has said that the need for nest boxes shows that logging is not ecologically sustainable. This is because they do not need hollow-dependent species like Leadbeater's Possum.
The Montreal Canadiens are an ice hockey team in the National Hockey League ( NHL ).
Small value inductors can also be built on integrated circuits. This is done the same way as making a transistor.
The term gribble was first used for the wood-boring species, especially the first species that Rathke found in Norway, Limnoria lignorum, in 1799.
The injuries caused by a club are generally known as bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma.
After that the county was run at Duns or Lauder until Greenlaw became the county town in 1596.
No skater has ever made a quadruple Axel in competition.
From this phone line, the Port Jackson District Commandant could talk to all the military people living on the harbour.
However, even to those who go into the prayer hall of a mosque without thinking about praying, there are still rules that apply.
It is very pointed in the face. It is about the size of a rabbit.
Computer performance is the amount of useful work done by a computer system compared to the amount of time and resources that are used.
Some of the biggest lakes in the world can be found near the Volga.
The crosier is used to show the monasteries of the area.
Human skin can be anything from very dark brown to very pale pink.
Bankers from ShoreBank, a community development bank in Chicago, helped Yunus to start the bank. The Ford Foundation gave Yunus money to start the bank.
Bremer said that there were plans to put Saddam on trial, but said that the details of such a trial were not known yet.
Members of the Professional Hockey Writers'Association vote for the All-Star Team at the end of the regular season.
To the north is Afghanistan, to the west is Iran, to the south is Pakistan, and to the south is the People's Republic of China, to the east is China.
Nupedia was started on March 9, 2000. The company is owned by Bomis, Inc., a web portal company.
Notable features of the design include key-dependent S-boxes and a very complicated key schedule.
Iain Grieve ( born 19 February 1987 in Jwaneng, Botswana ) is a Botswanaan rugby player. He plays for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
Other nearby villages are Pont-Bellanger and Beaumesnil.
The quark model was suggested by Murray Gell-Mann and George Zweig, who were also physicists.
The fourth ring is decorated with golden garlands. It was added in 1938 when the column was moved to where it is today.
West Berlin had its own postal system. West Germany's postal system issued its own postage stamps until 1990.
The Primavera is a painting by the Italian painter Sandro Botticelli. It was painted around 1482.
The largest city in New South Wales is Sydney.
The polymer is usually epoxy, but other kinds of polymers, like polyester, vinyl ester, or nylon are also sometimes used.
The name survives as a brand for a related digital television channel, digital radio station, and website which have been around since the magazine stopped being made.
When he was four and a half years old he was left to live on the streets of northern Italy for the next four years. He lived in orphanages and went around towns with groups of other children who did not have money.
Stands were added behind each set of goals during the 1980s and 1990s. This was because the ground was being modernised.
A town may be described as a market town. It may also have market rights even if it no longer has a market, if the right to do so still exists.
A bastion on the eastern side was built later.
Events July 29 - Battle of Stiklestad ( Norway ) - Olav Haraldsson is killed in the Battle of Stiklestad ( Norway ).
Some people think that Tresca was killed by the NKVD because he had been critical of the Stalin regime of the Soviet Union.
This made both Montenegro and Serbia an independent country.
Use HTML and CSS markup sparingly and only for a good reason.
Schuschnigg immediately said that the reports of riots were not true.
Addiscombe is a town in the London Borough of Croydon, England, UK.
Depending on the context, another closely-related meaning of constituent is that of a citizen living in the area governed, represented, or otherwise served by a politician. In some cases, only citizens who elected the politician are considered constituents.
Prunk is a member of the Institute of European History in Mainz. He is also a member of the Center for European Integration Studies at the University of Bonn.
Stallone also had a part in a movie called Taxi 3 in 2003 as a passenger.
Instead, they made a trailer with a cantilevered arm attached to the hovercraft. They shot the scene while riding up Templin Highway north of Santa Clarita, California.
The conference papers were published the next year in a book called Microeconomic Foundations of Employment and Inflation Theory.
Wario Land The Wario Land series is a series of video games made by Nintendo. It started with Wario Land : Super Mario Land 3.
Frédéric Chopin wrote an opera called Opus 57 for solo piano.
These attacks may have been psychological, not physical attacks.
A historian said that '' it was the efficacy of quinine that gave colonists new opportunities to swarm into the Gold Coast, Nigeria and other parts of west Africa. ''
Also, spectroscopic studies have shown evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates, which show that the surface is very stony.
She wrote a lot of her husband's books for Breitkopf und Härtel, too.
Mercury looks like the Moon, but it is very cratered with areas of smooth plains. Mercury has no natural satellites and no big atmosphere like the Moon.
Geography The town is found in the Limmat valley between Zürich and Baden.
These would be a good place for chinkara, hog deer and blue bull to live.
After the Sena dynasty, Dhaka was ruled by the Turkish and Afghan governors. These governors came from the Delhi Sultanate before the Mughals came to the city in 1608.
The Prime Minister stays in office only as long as the lower house of the House of Commons supports him.
For Rowling, this scene is important because it shows Harry's bravery. When he finds Cedric's body, he shows his selflessness and compassion.
On June 1, 1972, he and two other members of the Royal Air Force, Jan-Carl Raspe and Holger Meins, were arrested in Frankfurt.
Together they formed New Music Manchester, a group of people who love music.
The very strong hurricane caused a lot of damage in the upper Florida Keys. A storm surge of about 18 to 20 feet affected the area as well.
It is now the site of Meher Baba's samadhi ( tomb-shrine ). There are also facilities and places to stay for pilgrims.
The dome of the main church, which fell down, has been restored.
In 2005, Meissner became the second American woman to do the triple Axel jump in a national competition.
Salem is a city of Massachusetts in the United States, in the United States.
Forty-nine species of pipefish and nine species of seahorse have been found.
Saint Martin is an island in the northeast Caribbean Sea. It is about 300 km ( 186 miles ) east of Puerto Rico.
Because of this, these PDFs can not be distributed without adding more images to them.
In April 1862, Ben was arrested by Inspector Sir Frederick Pottinger because he had been part of an armed robbery. He was with Frank Gardiner at the time.
Heavy rain fell across parts of Britain on October 5. This caused a lot of water to be in the area.
Version 2009.1 provides a USB installer to create a Live USB. This is where the user's settings and personal data can be saved.
The Free Democratic Party ( FDP ) had 2 members, Christian Democratic People's Party ( CVP ) had 2 members, Social Democratic Party ( SP ) had 2 members, and Swiss People's Party ( SVP ) had 1 member. In relation to the parties'respective strength in the Federal Assembly, the seats were divided as follows :
A fee is the price one pays as remuneration for services. A doctor, lawyer, consultant, or other member of a learned profession usually gets a lot of money.
Ohio State's library system has twenty-one different libraries on its Columbus campus.
In other things, both Iceland and Greenland accepted the overlordship of Norway. However, Scotland was able to stop a Norse invasion and make a peace deal with them.
The songs on the album were '' By the Way '', '' The Zephyr Song '', '' Can't Stop '', '' Dosed '' and '' Universally Speaking ''.
In April 2000, MINIX became free / open source software under a permissive free software licence. By this time other operating systems were not as good as MINIX, and MINIX was mostly used as an operating system for students and hobbyists.
The body color varies from medium brown to gold-ish to beige-white. Sometimes, there are dark brown spots on the body, especially on the legs.
The Britannica was mainly a Scottish company. The Britannica's thistle logo is the floral symbol of Scotland.
The area covered by the warning given out on September 22 was moved to the south as Jose strengthened. The warning was stopped soon after landfall on September 23.
In August 2003, the San Diego Union Tribune reported that U.S. Marine pilots and their commanders said that Mark 77 firebombs were used on Iraqi Republican Guards during the first stages of fighting.
The latter gave people the sort of information later given by intertitles. It can also help historians think about what the movie may have been like.
Because of this, real estate, businesses and other things in the underground economies of the Third World can not be used to get money to pay for industrial and commercial expansion.
He ran away from Sydney Cove several times. He was shot dead in 1796.
Ned and Dan went to the police camp. They were told to give up.
Before the second game started, the press said that the '' midget-in-a-cake '' appearance had not been as good as Veeck's usual appearance.
In a video that was made for the charity Equality Now Joss Whedon said that '' Fray is not done, Fray is coming back. ''
A mutant is a type of superhero that is in comic books. They are published by Marvel Comics.
The SAT Reasoning Test ( also known as Scholastic Aptitude Test and Scholastic Assessment Test ) is a test for college admissions in the United States.
In northern Italy there is a medieval musical form called Geisslerlieder. These are songs that are sung by wandering bands of Flagellants.
Some reports read that different things make people have paralysis and hallucinations more likely.
He was sent to Australia to live there for seven years.
Waugh writes that Charles had been '' in search of love in those days '' when he first met Sebastian. He found '' that low door in the wall... which opened on an enclosed and enchanted garden '', which is a very important part of the story.
Her close friendship with the Russian mystic Grigori Rasputin was also an important part of her life.
The term dorsal refers to structures that are either on or off the side of the body of an animal.
The term '' protein '' was first used by Berzelius, after Mulder found that all proteins seemed to have the same formula, and might be made up of a single type of molecule ( called a '' molecule '' ).
After the Jerilderie raid, the gang stayed away from capture for 16 months.
Barneville-la-Bertran is a commune. It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France.
The color is from orange to yellow.
In 1963 an extension was added. It went north from Union station, below University Avenue and Queen's Park to near Bloor Street, where it went to the west and ended at St. George and Bloor Streets.
Before 1980, a section of the Central Australian line was running along the western side of the Simpson Desert.
It is located on an old portage trail. The trail went west through the mountains to Unalakleet.
People with cardiomyopathy can often get heart problems, sudden cardiac death or both.
As the largest sub-region in Mesoamerica, it had a lot of different places to live, from the mountains of the Sierra Madre to the dry plains of northern Yucatán.
Google later made the comic available on Google Books and their site. They also mentioned it on their official blog, with an explanation for how it was made.
Anyone may register a pedigree with the college. The pedigree is carefully checked by the college and needs official proof before being changed.
The book, Political Economy, was published in 1985, but people only read it in school.
He went on a tour with the IPO in the spring of 1990 for their first performance in the Soviet Union, with concerts in Moscow and Leningrad. In 1994 he went on a tour with the IPO again, performing in China and India.
Napoleonic Wars : Austrian General Mack gives up his army to the Grand Army of Napoleon at Ulm. Napoleon takes over 30,000 prisoners and kills 10,000 people in the battle.
It has been the economic center of northern Nigeria for a long time. It is also the place where groundnuts are grown.
Most South Indians speak one of the Dravidian languages. These are Kannada, Malayalam, Tamil, Telugu and Tulu.
Meteora got the band many awards and honors.
After a short time, the WWF soldiers turned around and attacked Kane and Jericho.
The songs were written by Richard M. Sherman and Robert B. Sherman.
In the 5th century Slavs started to live in the area.
From 1900 to 1920 many new buildings were built on campus. These included facilities for the dental and pharmacy programs, a chemistry building, a building for the natural sciences, Hill Auditorium, a large hospital and library building, and two residence halls.
Winchester is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Name Arzashkun seems to be the Assyrian form of an Armenian name ending in -ka. The name Arzash comes from the name Arsene, Arsissa, which was used by the ancients to name part of Lake Van.
Out of 16,421 people in the national casting, she was chosen to be one of the 15 people to be on the TV show.
It was first shown on the ABC network on September 21, 1993, and ended on March 1, 2005.
The latter device can then be designed and used in a less strict way.
Gimnasia hired first famous Colombian trainer Francisco Maturana, and then Julio César Falcioni, but both had very little success.
Brighton is a city of Iowa in the United States.
She has also been in several music videos, including '' It Girl '' by John Oates and '' Just Lose It '' by Eminem.
On June 24 1979 ( the 750th anniversary of the village ), Glinde was given a town charter.
Pauline came back in the Game Boy version of Donkey Kong in 1994, and later Mario vs. Donkey Kong 2 : March of the Minis in 2006, although the character is now called '' Mario's friend ''.
The vagina is very elastic. It can stretch to many times its normal size when a baby is born.
His real date of birth is not known, but it is thought to have been between 1935 and 1939.
This measure shows how much of a particular drug or other substance ( inhibitor ) is needed to stop a given biological process ( or part of a process, i.e. an enzyme, cell, cell receptor or microorganism ) in half the time.
Although the name suggests that they are in the Bernese Oberland region of the canton of Bern, some parts of the Bernese Alps are in the other four cantons of Switzerland : Valais, Lucerne, Obwalden, Fribourg and Vaud.
There he had one daughter, later called Mary Ann Fisher Power. Her name was Ann ( e ) Power.
During an interview, Edward Gorey said that Bawden was one of his favorite artists. He also said that not many people knew or remembered about this great artist.
The string can vibrate in different ways just like a guitar string can produce different notes. Each way has a different particle in it, for example electron, photon, or gluon.
Gable was also nominated for an Academy Award when he played Fletcher Christian in the movie Mutiny on the Bounty.
